[Music]
the investigator reached out and touched
the old man in front of him
in the next second his hand fell
directly the old man has frozen to
crushed ice
it should take a moment to see his
expression everyone was stunned in this
hot desert
how can there be an ice disaster there
will be ice demand
the same thing happened at sea the
rolling wave was suddenly frozen
cold current the men and women on the
shore became ice sculptures as they
escaped
the united nations convenes an emergency
meeting found out that this was not a
natural disaster
man-made event satellites that control
climate may have problems
this system was originally designed to
improve extreme weather protect human
beings from disasters
unexpectedly the lethality is so great
after losing control
david the founder of the official
finding system i hope he can go to the
space station to check
david set off soon the first thing to
come to the space station
is to call up the working record of the
malfunctioning satellite
unexpectedly the data was lost he simply
retrieved the malfunctioning satellite
for inspection
the robotic arm used to grasp the
satellite suddenly lost control
the people at the scene were almost
killed the satellite also fell apart
this series of things started to make
david suspicious especially he also
learned
have a colleague when i entered the isle
not long ago encountered a system
failure
the surrounding door panels were
suddenly opened he was directly used out
of space
killed on the spot daguard knows
this person probably found something be
silenced
see the faulty door panel still stuck
outside the space station
he is determined to get out of the cabin
himself take the hard drive inside
and check it i know if anyone has done
anything david and his partner
successfully got the door
i didn't expect my flight suit to
suddenly lose control he immediately
rampaged outside the station
the door was accidentally let go david
wanted to catch something in a panic let
yourself down
but the surrounding area is smooth he
floats to the moon quickly
seeing to be completely separated from
the space station finally grabbed the
cable at the last minute
got a life back david lied that he got
nothing
in fact he has quietly obtained the hard
drive after this incident
he is more convinced that there are
ghosts inside the hard disk test result
is out
really the door itself is not faulty it
was open to silence
the dead colleague must have found key
evidence chinway called out the
surveillance
i found that this colleague finally put
the evidence hidden in the locker room
he found the evidence and interpreted it
discovery satellite system
someone behind control thousands of
satellites use them to destroy the world
david suspects that the inner ghost is
us senior leadership
all my actions now are under close
surveillance
on the earth a new round of disasters
has been launched
this time the target city is in china
the egg fell on the ground azu wants to
pick it up but found that it has become
an omelet
he looked up burning gas pipe broke out
from the road
azu drove away immediately behind him is
a continuous explosion
the tongue of fire spreads on the road
some cars were blown up directly
some were turned over buildings fell one
after another
bad luck was smashed to pieces on the
spot as you can't think about it
step on the accelerator and rush all the
way
finally came to a safe place he who
escaped from the dead looks into the
distance
a corner of the city has been burned to
ruins media claims
this is a series of explosions caused by
the aging of the gas pipeline
but azu doesn't think so he is an
engineer of the international
meteorological service
i found the problem soon the disaster
was caused by the satellite above the
city
as you check the information carefully
three then call the person in charge
tell him that the satellite is out of
control in addition
others tried to cover up the wrong data
make everyone think that everything is
an accident
when errors accumulate to a certain
degree thousands of satellites around
the world will create
a geological storm that can destroy
mankind let's imagine
tsunami thunderstorm
hurricane these disasters erupted and
overlapped at the same time everywhere
there will still be a few living people
on the ground azu continues to check the
system
unexpectedly the entire building was
forcibly cut off
a bunch of mysterious agents broke in
with guns he hid in the locker to escape
more sure there was a behind the scenes
azu went directly to the u.s
prepare to inform the person in charge
of the investigation results face to
face
but when we are about to meet suddenly
someone pushed him from behind
azu was hit by a passing car immediately
on the deathbed
he tried his best to say the last two
words zeus
the person in charge found his good
friend hacker girl ask her to help find
the file code named project yancey
they actually found this plan
the files are placed on the security
network of the white house
the person in charge was stunned because
it shows the man behind the scenes is
probably one of his own bosses
the file was finally deciphered there
are various simulation data inside tilda
it is completely consistent with the
recent global disasters this is a zeus
plan
use satellites that protect humans as
weapons the only way now is to turn off
the satellite
restart the system will automatically
clean up the virus
but do such a close operation the
ultimate password of the president must
be required
the person in charge just wanted to
report i found that the satellite
backstage had been blocked
few people know this operation the chill
penetrated his whole body
what if the man behind the scenes is the
president himself
if you invite everything to be
self-directed and acted by him
this satellite is heading towards
shanghai the satellite is heading toward
shanghai
launch missile countless special
missiles burst one by one in the clouds
a storm not seen in a century it was
resolved like this
with these satellites humans don't seem
to need it anymore never use it again
i don't need beauty anymore karma never
again good disaster
sold caused a natural disaster scared
but this system
but was taken up by the u.s secretary of
state in order to make the united states
become the leader of the nations again
he used a virus to control the satellite
shah shang made all kinds of natural
literature
hit many countries hard he even plans to
blame the president
be the boss by yourself the order to
destroy the world has been issued
disasters everywhere it's hard to keep
going tokyo was bombed by giant hale
greater dubai is about to be engulfed by
a monster tsunami the most repaired as
the subject right is the most repaired
esco
the most repaired is the subject the
satellite emits high temperature rays
directly
to burn everything the only hope now
is to find the president himself his
ultimate password
the system can be forcibly shut down the
head of the satellite finally rescued
the president
behind a group of agents are in hot
pursuit keep attacking them
the person in charge described the
shocking conspiracy with the president
in detail
but the other party does not believe
that the secretary of state will betray
him
until i saw the venue behind me smashed
into ruins by lightning
he called out god hurry up
secretary of state sees his men never
succeeded
simply go out on your own a cannonball
passed
president's car was bombed out and
tender on the inside but did not expect
this is just a blindfold the car is
empty
the president brings a crowd raid from
behind take down this careerist
then he hurried to space station
director david provide the ultimate
password
unexpectedly secretary of state inside
ghost
in order to ensure the plan turned on
the self-destruct system
the entire space station is about to
disappear must be destroyed
before the control room enter password
enter password m
david organized others to evacuate
determined to stay
complete tasks manually the space
station has begun to explode
less than three minutes the earth is
going to be destroyed
david on the word flight suit came to
the control room finally at the last
moment
entered the ultimate password as the
satellites turn off one by one
disasters on earth also slowly receding
the dog is relieved
but the self-destruction of the space
station continues he kept colliding in a
debris year
already have the consciousness to die
poe you he found a
undamaged satellite successfully hid in
space shuttle returning to earth
accurate reception saved people in time
a few months later humans rebuilt the
space monitoring station
the satellite system also resumed
e-normal continue to protect mankind
technology is like a double-edged sword
genius uses it to open
using it for beauty genius uses it to
open the way forward for mankind
lunatics may use it destroy everything
therefore
when technology becomes more advanced
candidates to manipulate
technology it seems insignificant all
right
today's show ends here i am an
independent fish remember something
remember to like and follow watch a
movie with you